inspectors lips dd Chui region
Nurlan about drive and swamp his tula
caught as they say in hot pursuit
employees of gsbap gathered to search them
moment of signing documents one of
detainees tried to escape
he was not stopped not lively
the route is not special forces not employees gsebep not
journalists
usually in such situations
detainees are trying to get rid of
evidence however the money was at
another young partner
who ran later admitted that he was just
in a state of shock the transfer of money was
found in the pocket discovered labeled
500 som of the whole operatives
found six thousand sums 650 rubles
and 200 tenge probably noticed will give 761
1478 every driver knows that
DPS staff bribe amounts to
from 200 soums and up
depending on the severity of the disturbed
rules of the road if u
the driver was not small bills
the inspector even gives change
here are traded on the market
It is noteworthy that the task force and
journalists traveled almost everywhere
the city in search
inspectors as soon as they were discovered
they didn't notice our fake
the driver violated the rules then left
for lunch then every half hour before
were stationed
65 65 hours of mid-February this year
gsb began to conduct
operational search activities in
DPS officials in
the result has been fixed
numerous facts of abuse
soliciting bribes
employees you traffic from motorists
collected materials were transferred to
Attorney General’s Office opened a criminal
case of abuse
official position and extortion
bribe criminal case was assigned
investigate
cashback here all these activities
were held and not to the most
extreme simple DPS nikov delay but
there are their own
such a corrupt system and this
all conniving and from already
officials guide dps letter d
Interior Ministry we wanted to pay attention to
that so that cash like
laid fined
and replenished the budget
keep it simple for a bribe
traffic cop
however, this was not the case
our own sources bosses
lips dd just pushing her
employees for extortion or
taking bribes
there are certain kickbacks fees
money from the inspectors themselves for example
radar is rented by DPS officers
pay for it from 200 to 300 soms
daily besides daily
illegal proceeds 1 DPS inspector
the average is about three thousand
sums in connection with this guide lips dd
overlaid the amount of their subordinates
daily kickbacks in the form of a bribe with
each inspector ranges from 500 to
700 soms as known by DPS employees
around the country about 200 so every day
in the pocket and officials lip dd
More than one hundred thousand sums are received
means that every year a million soums
pass by the budget
she repairs the same roads no money
and say these events will be
continue now on an ongoing basis
somewhere around 40 50 people will
held in this case on the spot
detention began to arrive and others
gu ddd employees
then and the Interior Ministry next time the handcuffs
may already wear on commanders and higher
officers as their work
is systemic in gsb
available materials for more than 30
employees q bdd recorded on video
and sent to the attorney general for
the decision to initiate
criminal case
lera music firewood diamond karev
public first channel